Update scim entra (#30677)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/scim/entra.md

SCIM is available with the Infrastructure Pro and Infrastructure Enterprise plans.
</div>

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This feature is currently blocked as Microsoft has frozen updates to all third party apps in Entra following a late-2024 security breach; to automatically create Teams in Datadog, use SAML mapping, Terraform, our public APIs, or direct calls to our SCIM server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a Microsoft freeze on third-party app updates in Entra following a security incident in late 2024, this feature is unavailable. To create Teams in Datadog, use one of the supported alternatives: SAML mapping, Terraform, the public API, or direct calls to the SCIM server.
```

> Due to a Microsoft freeze on third-party app updates in Entra following a security incident in late 2024, this feature is unavailable. To create Teams in Datadog, use one of the supported alternatives: SAML mapping, Terraform, the public API, or direct calls to the SCIM server.

Author: good idea, added
